[DbtProject] Update dbt reference to include DbtProject (#23012)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/integrations/dbt/reference.mdx

| <PyObject module="dagster_dbt" object="dbt_assets" decorator />                                | A decorator used to define Dagster assets for dbt models defined in a dbt manifest.                                                                                                                                     |
| <PyObject module="dagster_dbt" object="DbtCliResource" />                                      | A class that defines a Dagster resource used to execute dbt CLI commands.                                                                                                                                               |
| <PyObject module="dagster_dbt" object="DbtCliInvocation" />                                    | A class that defines the representation of an invoked dbt command.                                                                                                                                                      |

> | <PyObject module="dagster_dbt" object="DbtProject" />                                          | A class that defines the representation of a dbt project and related settings that assist with managing dependencies and manifest.json preparation.                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <PyObject module="dagster_dbt" object="DbtProject" />                                          | A class that defines the representation of a dbt project and related settings that assist with managing dependencies and `manifest.json` preparation.                                                                     |
```

Author: The reference was updated in [0c5f290](https://github.com/dagster-io/dagster/pull/23012/commits/0c5f290f465d4b784cfbd1ca490fbfbdcdeba341), taking all comments into account.

  to see this concept in context.
</Note>

> You can create a Dagster project that wraps your dbt project by using the [`dagster-dbt project scaffold`](/\_apidocs/libraries/dagster-dbt#dagster-dbt-project-scaffold) command line interface. We recommend using the `--use-dbt-project` flag to use <PyObject object="DbtProject" module="dagster_dbt" />.

Reviewer 2: Since we're standardizing on `DbtProject`, I think we should omit the last sentence. We shouldn't need to call attention to the fact that we're doing something special here, especially since we're planning on updating the tutorial.

We should probably just make `DbtProject` opt-out so that they don't even need to pass in a flag in the first place.

[1]

```suggestion
You can create a Dagster project that wraps your dbt project by using the [`dagster-dbt project scaffold`](/\_apidocs/libraries/dagster-dbt#dagster-dbt-project-scaffold) command line interface.

Author: > We should probably just make DbtProject opt-out so that they don't even need to pass in a flag in the first place.

I agree - that's the plan actually. Once both the tutorial and the dbt course in Dagster University are updated, I will refactor the CLI and the scaffold template to remove the flag and make the use of `DbtProject` the default and only possible strategy.  Then I'll do a second pass on the doc to remove the `flag` - everything else will be already up-to-date.

Author: All changes made in [6ed3208](https://github.com/dagster-io/dagster/pull/23012/commits/6ed3208f238880c0ba1c6e3a73bc854c2efcff28)

> You can create a Dagster project that wraps your dbt project by using the [`dagster-dbt project scaffold`](/\_apidocs/libraries/dagster-dbt#dagster-dbt-project-scaffold) command line interface. It is recommended to use the `--use-dbt-project` flag to use [DbtProject](/\_apidocs/libraries/dagster-dbt#dagster_dbt.DbtProject).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a Dagster project that wraps your dbt project by using the [`dagster-dbt project scaffold`](/\_apidocs/libraries/dagster-dbt#dagster-dbt-project-scaffold) command line interface. We recommend using the `--use-dbt-project` flag to use <PyObject object="DbtProject" module="dagster_dbt" />.
```

Some nitpicky wording, but also suggesting we use the `PyObject` to autolink to the API docs.

When deploying your Dagster project to production, **we recommend generating the manifest at build time** to avoid the overhead of recompiling your dbt project every time your Dagster code is executed. A `manifest.json` should be precompiled and included in the Python package for your Dagster code.

<TabGroup>
<TabItem name="Select an option">

Select one of the following to handle the creation of your manifest:

- [**Option 1:**](#option-1-using-dbtproject) Using `DbtProject`
- [**Option 2:**](#option-2-not-using-dbtproject) Not using `DbtProject`

</TabItem>

> <TabItem name="Option 1: Using DbtProject">

Reviewer 2: Just to highlight that this is path forward

```suggestion
<TabItem name="Option 1 (recommended): Using DbtProject">
```

> ### Option 1: Using `DbtProject`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Option 1: Using DbtProject
```

[1] No additional formatting in headings, pls

> The easiest way to handle the creation of your manifest file is to use [DbtProject](/\_apidocs/libraries/dagster-dbt#dagster_dbt.DbtProject).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to handle the creation of your manifest file is to use <PyObject object="DbtProject" module="dagster_dbt" />.
```

> In the Dagster project created by the [`dagster-dbt project scaffold`](/\_apidocs/libraries/dagster-dbt#dagster-dbt-project-scaffold) command, when using the [`--use-dbt-project` flag](/\_apidocs/libraries/dagster-dbt#cmdoption-dagster-dbt-project-scaffold-project-name), the creation of your manifest is handled during development:

Reviewer 2: [1]

> In the Dagster project created by the [`dagster-dbt project scaffold`](/\_apidocs/libraries/dagster-dbt#dagster-dbt-project-scaffold) command line interface, when using the [--use-dbt-project flag](/\_apidocs/libraries/dagster-dbt#cmdoption-dagster-dbt-project-scaffold-project-name), the creation of your manifest is handled during development:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Dagster project created by the [`dagster-dbt project scaffold`](/\_apidocs/libraries/dagster-dbt#dagster-dbt-project-scaffold) command, when using the [`--use-dbt-project` flag](/\_apidocs/libraries/dagster-dbt#cmdoption-dagster-dbt-project-scaffold-project-name), the creation of your manifest is handled during development:
```

```python startafter=start_compile_dbt_manifest_with_dbt_project endbefore=end_compile_dbt_manifest_with_dbt_project file=/integrations/dbt/dbt.py dedent=4
"""✅ This is recommended!"""
from pathlib import Path

from dagster_dbt import DbtProject

my_dbt_project = DbtProject(
    project_dir=Path(__file__).joinpath("..", "..", "..").resolve(),
    packaged_project_dir=Path(__file__)
    .joinpath("..", "..", "dbt-project")
    .resolve(),
)
my_dbt_project.prepare_if_dev()
```

The manifest path can then be accessed with `my_dbt_project.manifest_path`.

When developing locally, you can run the following command to generate the manifest at run time for your dbt and Dagster project:

```shell
dagster dev
```

> In production, a precompiled manifest should be used. Using `DbtProject`, the manifest can be created at build time by running the [dagster-dbt project prepare-and-package](/\_apidocs/libraries/dagster-dbt#dagster-dbt-project-prepare-and-package) command line interface in your CI/CD workflow. For more information, see the [Deploying a Dagster project with a dbt project](#deploying-a-dagster-project-with-a-dbt-project) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In production, a precompiled manifest should be used. Using <PyObject object="DbtProject" module="dagster_dbt" />, the manifest can be created at build time by running the [`dagster-dbt project prepare-and-package`](/\_apidocs/libraries/dagster-dbt#dagster-dbt-project-prepare-and-package) command in your CI/CD workflow. For more information, see the [Deploying a Dagster project with a dbt project](#deploying-a-dagster-project-with-a-dbt-project) section.
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem name="Option 2: Not using DbtProject">

> ### Option 2: Not using DbtProject

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Option 2: Using DbtCliResource
```

> ### Option 2: Not using `DbtProject`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Option 2: Not using DbtProject
```

[1]

> Creating the manifest can be done by running `dbt parse` using the command line interface (CLI) with [DbtCliResource](/\_apidocs/libraries/dagster-dbt#dagster_dbt.DbtCliResource).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating the manifest can be done by running `dbt parse` using the CLI with <PyObject object="DbtCliResource" module="dagster_dbt" />.
```

1. Include any secrets that are required by your dbt project in your CI/CD environment.
2. Clone the dbt project repository as a subdirectory of your Dagster project.

> 3. Depending on whether [DbtProject](/\_apidocs/libraries/dagster-dbt#dagster_dbt.DbtProject) is used, this step will vary:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Depending on whether <PyObject object="DbtCliProject" module="dagster_dbt" /> is used, this step will vary:
```

   - **For projects using `DbtProject`**, run `dagster-dbt project prepare-and-package --file path/to/project.py` to

>       - build your dbt project's dependencies,
>       - create a dbt manifest for your Dagster project,
>       - and package your dbt project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Build your dbt project's dependencies,
      - Create a dbt manifest for your Dagster project, and
      - Package your dbt project
```

>    - **For projects not using `DbtProject`**:

Reviewer: Should this be `For projects using DbtCliResource`, since the previous step only gives the user two options: `DbtProject` or `DbtCliResource`?

Author: Good catch! Updated in [dcd6d90](https://github.com/dagster-io/dagster/pull/23012/commits/dcd6d90778b9495ed484736f7e2d1ea3eb54ff3c)

>       - Run `dbt deps` to build your dbt project's dependencies.
>       - Run `dbt parse` to create a dbt manifest for your Dagster project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Run `dbt deps` to build your dbt project's dependencies
      - Run `dbt parse` to create a dbt manifest for your Dagster project
```

In your CI/CD workflows for your Dagster and dbt project:

1. Include any secrets that are required by your dbt project in your CI/CD environment.

> 3. Depending on whether [DbtProject](/\_apidocs/libraries/dagster-dbt#dagster_dbt.DbtProject) is used, this step will vary:

Reviewer: It looks like this section and the one that starts on line 226 are the same - my comments from there apply here too
